where I started school today what is it
I have no idea
gets a tampon girls shove it up their
bowels to stop babies from coming out
and eighth-grader told me that I'm
having a party tomorrow.you and ya can
throw a Lukas come you're so random
they're my best friends forget
everything Ellie doesn't make girls to
the party you know that means drama no
kissing you do not want to go to Sora's
party not knowing you have a kiss we
could spy on my neighbor she's a total
nymphomaniac
she starts fires no she's a nymphomaniac
someone who has sex on land and sea this
is what happens when you don't respect
women I respect women my mom is my best
friend we're gonna but that's gonna kill
me Jim this is how we get the journal
back to sugar mama
you took my bag oh my god there's Molly
in there okay who's Molly because she's
not with us Jesus
kick a lotta things correct here's the
plan I'm gonna go to the party with a
beer so everyone knows that I'm cool
what do you have your pants but like
this ever since I was a baby it's kind
of embarrassing
I'm guessing you're not the popular kids
in school
[Music]
I'm fine oh hell no if you don't get to
that party I'll die party you guys are
like seven treating us like kids between
Oh gummy vitamins know how things work
[Music]
my closet and indoor swing
what are you doing that's one is for
sexing people do sex on karate is a way
of communicating ask me a question what
are your plans for the weekend I'm going
to do some grocery shopping then rent a
film to watch in the comfort of my home
oh did that answer your question I want
you to tell me why you're here
I'm afraid I'm afraid of the dark
I'm afraid of other men I want to be
what intimidates me you came to the
right place I'm taking my first class
today your new white belts is that the
first built color white is before color
you haven't earned color yet today's
lesson to kick with your fists and punch
with your feet that makes perfect sense
good there's a mental component as well
everything should be as masculine as
possible
we may want to start on those reports
that pile is getting awfully high oh I
won't be petting you anymore this is for
your own good what's your favorite style
of music adult contemporary no should be
metal
you're a blade and I'm sharpening you I
see a little myself in you I thought you
says it why are you filming this this
isn't a safe place Casey I know you're
confused about what's happening
you have to trust me I should have never
started taking karate you can't be weak
anymore I'm interested in buying a gun I
need something that can fit into my hand
sounds like you're after a handgun
[Music]
I challenge you to a fight to the death
and unarmed combat this is your belt it
is yours it is sacred there'll be a $15
charge to replace the last now last week
New York City finally got to see and
hear the Rolling Stones there was a
special band and we could blow anyone
off the stage they were just so
different
it's a mania the stunt became a comedy I
mean if I want to know what I did in
those years I have to ask
I remember seeing bill you know his base
plan was fantastic he was his own pus
first guy to have a computer we had
cameras before everybody certainly had
video before everyone 31 years for the
Rolling Stones
I took real was a thing but he's
probably got them even now then they'd
be all stacked up it was us against the
world it really was
I didn't know it was gonna be in jail
what week and it was gonna be in the
studio any band from the mid sixties
you've got losses we've all load about a
hundred thousand pounds we go on stage
and go Jones to China and the whole
crowd of poor on stage and that was the
end of the show it's very difficult to
keep your sanity actually people always
ask me why I have built an ark I have
like I did and still do there was
something about during baseline
but only bill ever started acting famous
you have to have that courage to be
yourself he has a treasurer and he wants
to share it this is my little capsule of
my life in here whose extraordinary
[Music]
Elsa the past is not what it seems
you must find the truth
across the enchanted lands and people to
the unknown
but be careful
we have always feared houses powers were
too much for this world
[Music]
now we must hope
they are enough
I won't let anything happen to her
[Music]
mata shot through lavage but is a famous
akira from india good for you
I'm gonna make my friend disappear yes I
must say AHA right Copperfield where is
he I was born in Mumbai when I was young
one of the most mind-blowing things I
discovered was that I was poor I no
longer want to do before we did all
sorts of magic
[Music]
man I am taking you to Paris with a
passport and a fake hundred euro clear
echoing from Paris Paris is abuzz
peaceful city in the world honey I can't
find the keys to my car
have you found them so I really have to
test the living room before buying them
but boss is driving me nuts
it's the pressure getting to you
[Music]
Marie and I bonded instantaneously let's
see tomorrow under the Eiffel Tower oh
[Music]
you're in Paris we usually do it on the
cheeks chance
what's definitely not on my side
there are we going London London I may
have met
beats I have to go back to Patty's his
can turn on his gentle he is creative
why are you half-naked in my truth we're
going to be beyond
he's left me the idea you not allowed
here
just send me back to better do you
understand English we have been speaking
English
you all are illegal immigrants and you
are not I am a tourist traveling in the
world room
you
[Music]
what we know is that to them has this
material you don't know that I mean he
just keeps repeating the lie just
because you're the Prime Minister it
doesn't mean you get to make up your own
facts someone in this building has
betrayed their country
if you are found to have withheld
information you will be charged with a
breach of the Official Secrets cousin
gum did you think - because Remo brought
you this friend be careful this is real
you can go to jokes for having in your
possession you're a spy you work for the
British government
no I work for the British people
I do not collect information so that the
government can lie to the British people
intelligence may be being manipulated to
take this country - all stop taking Tony
Blair's face value
you had nothing to gain and everything
to lose this could result in a prisoner
sentence do you want to risk it all
[Applause]
everywhere every country biggest
demonstration in human history if we do
not go published we would be conceded
that no one who ever tell the people
when their government is lying
[Music]
boy did
was extraordinary
the war is illegal the public is
entitled to know why my motive was stop
war and save lives I have to tell the
truth
[Music]
I suggest you get prettied up butter
three from hell you know Abigail I was
thinking about what you were saying
about us moving in together I think it's
a pretty good idea I love you too hey
there I'm here it's a little longer
don't worry you know I am my father
built your company it wrestling push
them out I had nothing to do with what
happened I wish you were there so you're
part of it what goes around comes around
rabe wrestling by the time you see this
I'll be coming for you what is it
my ex-partners son what's your call
Devils station how bad is this place
it's bad
so hole hole I've never seen
you can do this value I cut your back
now you should know
oh yeah never seen anyone go to a fight
in a sports car before that's not funny
sure does
hush what have you got up Lincoln's
wrong feed now we spots with her way in
what are we waiting for
hey I got someone in there - where you
going maybe leave make a big impression
we got visitors it was for Coby standing
by
[Music]
come on hit me for your father
I'm done with frizzies so what do we
know of her history there's really
nothing she won't talk it's
extraordinary
with no evidence of a family no
[Music]
completely feral it's incredible
thank you for God for sending this
innocent child to me that she may be a
testament to kindness strengthened
sister Jennifer that she may bring forth
language from her lips but this newborn
soul when obedient to you can be changed
with God's mercy there can be no after
I know she's his god still there yes and
he loves you and he wants to save you
[Music]
a woman who came looking for you you
have now heard the wild child came to us
she could hardly have them call the
girls you are here to witness
of God's mercy
[Music]
just talk to the kid
you're magic like me any of you listen
to me the world's hungry place a dark
place
hi there I only met two or three people
like us they died
when I was a kid I bumped into these
things
I don't know about magic eye I was
called at the shining
[Music]